# HarvardCS50AI
I came across this course in my path to get into AI and Machine Learning. I found this course to be a great introductory course to get into AI with Python. My goal is to use the skills learned from this goal and create some cool unique applications using concepts learned from this class. The course is split into 5 sections, and in this README, I will be explaining each section and describing the projects I have done in the course. Hope this helps anyone looking to get into the AI field, or if your interested at all in the topics of Intellectual Agents. **If you are trying to run these codes for yourselves, I suggest using Command Prompt, navigating to the location of the py files and running `python file.py`**

# Section 1: Search
In this section, we delve into Search algorithms. These problems were watered down to a goal and a path to get to that goal. an initial agent does a series of actions to lead closer to a goal state, and a cost is associated with the path to help deriving the optimal path. Using the concepts of breadth-first search, where every path is explored and then an optimized path is found, and depth-first search, where a path is explored all the way to the end and then another path is selected and explored. 

### Degrees Project
This project was based off of the Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon game. this is a game where anyone in the Hollywood film industry can be connected to Kevin Bacon.So using an API that holds info about the actors and how they connect, This project was built to make students use a search algorithm (In this case I used a breadth-first search). There is the initial state (initial connecting person), goal state (person connecting) and then the transition model (as seen in the code). There also is a set to keep track of explored states to avoid the paradoxical issue with BFS (explained in lecture). Two names are provided by the user andthe search algorithm then searches through a csv file to search for a path that connects from the first name to the second name. The output is the degrees of connections, and the actual connections as well.

### TicTacToe Project
The tictactoe project is an implementation of a special kind of search algorithm. The **Adversarial Search** is a search algorithm for an agent trying to find an end goal, and another agent or player, which is opposing or hindering that agent. In this project, I had to build the minimax algorithm which the bot uses to play against the adversarial agent (ie. you the player), to win or tie the game. I also had to build the game logic with the given gui and other precursors. Please reach out if you have any suggestions to optimize the minimax algorithm (I was looking to implement alpha-beta pruning).
